Not Applicable to rental services scope of work due to lack of permanent fixture or punch list item services. 
While onsite; due to lack of daily onsite activity throughout duration of project CD will require 72-hour notice from Contractor if attendance to meetings is required while not actively onsite. 
While onsite; due to lack of daily onsite activity throughout duration of project CD will require Contractor to act as a liaison when not onsite and report as needed to CD. 
Upon acceptance and turnover of rented scaffold from subcontractor to contractor, it is the Contractors responsibility and liability including but not limited to; daily inspections (unless included in contract scope and funding), maintenance, safety, theft, loss or damage while rented equipment is in their use and/or possession. It is the contractor’s obligation to ensure proper PPE for all users of rented equipment. 
Upon acceptance and turnover of rented scaffold from subcontractor to contractor, it is the Contractors responsibility and liability including but not limited to; daily inspections (unless included in contract scope and funding), maintenance, safety, theft, loss or damage while rented equipment is in their use and/or possession. Indemnity does not extend during Contractors sole use and possession. It is the contractor’s obligation to ensure proper PPE for all users of rented equipment. 
Rental Continuations plus applicable sales tax will be added to SOV as needed; regardless of Contract funding.
Not Applicable to rental services scope of work due to lack of permanent fixture or punch list item services
While actively on site; CD will not be responsible for rubbish clean up back charges if not actively working on site for the time-frame in question. Contractor must notify Sales/Account Manager immediately (Within 24 hours) following active work day if rubbish rule was not observed by CD supervision and crew.
Contractor is aware sales tax is subject to all rental in the State of Colorado and is an exception to the Sales Tax Exemption State of Colorado DOR; Sales 6 Construction; and is based on project location. Sales Tax is subject to change based on local municipalities and may be required to collect on additional costs based on local jurisdiction rules at the time of billing.
Due to unique rental services provided C & D does not accept Owner obligation for payment for our rental scaffold equipment services as we do not provide a permanent fixture to the project or punch list item services but act as an extension of the Contractor for access solutions to complete project construction. Additionally due to the above, CD requests removal of retention. IF required to withhold retention CD will ONLY accept 5% as per Colo. Rev. Stat. § 24-91-103(1)(a); Private Construction Contract Payments, when applicable.
Due to unique rental services provided C & D does not accept Owner obligation for payment for our rental scaffold equipment services as we do not provide a permanent fixture to the project or punch list item services but act as an extension of the Contractor for access solutions to complete project construction. Payment will be due NET 30 days upon receipt of Invoice from Subcontractor to the Contractor.
Due to unique rental services provided as we do not provide a permanent fixture to the project or punch list item services but act as an extension of the Contractor for access solutions to complete project construction; CD requests removal of retention. Additionally; as per Colo. Rev. Stat. § 24-91-103(1)(a); Private Construction Contract Payments, ONLY 5% retention is allowed when applicable.
Only in respect to rental equipment services to be provided.
In Lieu of Owner Obligation of payment due to rental services provided we request a NET60 or NET90 payment term.
Upon termination of contract, Contractor will be liable for rental plus applicable sales/use tax through termination date; dismantle costs of standing and/or removal of on-site equipment as well as pickup freight. 
Due to unique Rental Services ONLY - C&D will need to review the prime contract in order to unilaterally agree to Prime Contract & Flow down provisions.
Due to unique rental services provided as we do not provide a permanent fixture to the project or punch list item services but act as an extension of the Contractor for access solutions to complete project construction; CD will NOT accept Liquidated Damages or Damages for Delay to substantial completion of project. 

GC PAY Account: Colorado Scaffolding & Equipment Co. (we do have access to Energy account but want to try to keep all on CS)
Textura Account: 64391
